Step B- Emma Estrella and Erin Todd
Week 6

1. How would you define the term “effective work strategy?”
An effective work strategy is a plan that one creates before beginning a project. The plan is designed so that the project can be completed efficiently and in a specific amount of time. The plan also works for all people involved in the project.

2. What rules will you make for yourself (or your group) to ensure you work productively and ultimately complete the project?
We will discuss the project periodically to make sure we are on the same page and we will also share the workload and help each other if the other person gets stuck on something. We are thinking of setting up zoom meetings to discuss the project. 

3. How do your needs, goals, and background align with your goals for the project? (If working in a group, how do these things align with your group?) 
We don’t have a strong background in using R, but we are both open to working in a group so that it will be easier to help each other if we get stuck on something. We also both just want to develop our skills using R and analyzing data. Our goals are to look at the emerging adults dataset that Amanda found to examine the relationship between stress and disability and/or physical health symptoms. 

4. How will you make use of the instructor, course materials, and campus resources to complete your project? 
We will look at practice problems we have done for class if the code is relevant to what we are trying to do for our project. We can also google things and troubleshoot if needed. If we are really stuck or feel like we need more advanced help, we will reach out to Amanda or our classmates if we think they know how to do something we need help with. We’ll utilize office hours if we need more specialized help. 

5. How will you handle time management for this project? 
When we make an outline for the Step C assignment, we will try to estimate how much time different tasks will take so that we can block off time to work on things. Our biggest goal will be to make sure to communicate with each other to ensure tasks are getting done rather than sticking to a super strict timeline. 

6. How will you handle issues that arise during this project (i.e., code debugging or group conflict)? 
If issues are related to work or tasks, we will try troubleshooting what we can and then we will ask for help if we are stuck. If for some reason there is group conflict, we will reach out to Amanda. 

7. What time will you set aside to complete this project (i.e., what time will you meet with your group or what time do you have to work on this project?)
We will plan to set aside time once a week to meet (probably after class on Tuesdays) and either work on things together or discuss our next steps. If we decide we don’t need to meet that often and the project is moving along nicely, we may meet every other week instead. 

